Krypteon takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.

How Krypteon Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Krypteon treats personal information that Krypteon collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Krypteon products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.

This privacy policy only applies to Krypteon.

This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Krypteon does not own or control or to people that Krypteon does not employ or manage.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
General
Krypteon collects personal and/or business information when you register with Krypteon, when you use Krypteon products or services, when you visit Krypteon pages and/or the pages of certain Krypteon partners. Krypteon may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or affiliated companies. Krypteon collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of products and services that we offer. Krypteon automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Krypteon cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and other related information. Krypteon uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.

INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Krypteon does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Krypteon under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Krypteon communicate with you about offers from Krypteon and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Krypteon's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Krypteon is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Krypteon will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies

Krypteon may set and access Krypteon cookies on your computer. Krypteon may allow other companies to show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Krypteon's cookies. Krypteon uses web beacons to access Krypteon cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Krypteon products and services.

Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
General

You can edit your Krypteon account information at any time, simply by contacting us.

We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Krypteon service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Krypteon Newsletter, that are considered part of your Krypteon account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.

Confidentiality and security

We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.

Changes to this privacy policy

Krypteon may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Krypteon account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.

Questions and suggestions

If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at: Krypteon Inc.